Stephanie a bath take the snap pics are
funny is intercepted I'm a goal line by
Adam Bannon so let's get started Bobo
pour your Frank's Red Hot in a saucepan
we liked Frank's because it has no
hidden sugars or chemicals you can make
this at home using these ingredients if
you don't have this brand add the butter
to the pot and once it has started to
melt whisk together put the chicken in a
large bowl add a third of a cup of sauce
then do this and you've got to toss it
place the wings on a rimmed baking sheet
we'll see why later set your broiler on
high and put the chicken in the oven for
10 minutes when the timer goes off take
them out of the oven and don't do this
oh my god whoo we're gonna flip him if
you want them crispier flip and put them
back in the broiler for five more
minutes
look at that when they're finished put
the chicken in a clean bowl and add a
cup of sauce you are now gonna give it a
toss kinda get it up keep them in the
bowl you can do it hey oh hey we did it
huge well uh are you seductively drizzle
the remaining sauce in slow mo before
serving we want to know who are you
voting for in this Super Bowl voting
pool rooting for in the so cool
Panthers look of it
you should go for the Broncos to their
horses horses who has a prettier outfit
you orange in dark blue for the
bronchitis well you got what and lot
glue to the pants well this is obviously
orange and blue are the Mets colors
which means I have to vote for the
orange blue team she's going for Denver
you go buck Denver hey is this
quarterback Joe Flacco Joe Flacco into
my school I know him from Kane it's many
first and 10 butas all right buddy try
one oh yeah oh my goodness it looks so
good no so this smell like plastic
coming
hmm that sauce oh yeah
spicy hmm I'll tread sauce it's got a
kick to it or a little little kid
hmm so we made the sauce right and
actually pretty funny I hate hot food
but this stuff I hate this stuff you
love it yeah weird
mmm look at how the bowl before a great
Super Bowl party food we're having a
Super Bowl party what are your Super
Bowl party plans his first Super Bowl
party because he's not from here
it's right in Australia we watch the
Super Bowl on a Monday morning at 10
o'clock hmm we're committed should but
one days in Australia what are you doing
to involve Sunday comment below I
already said that Jack see it Jack Woltz
what wings napkins are essential use
napkins Jack's here
yeah he locks them tastes good smells
like oh this is this is Giacomo's
favorite right here try some
hey buddy are very healthy for your dogs
mm-hmm don't you little fella don't give
them too many because it will throw them
off I've been sitting here all day eight
days seriously I'm not some fire got a
mile then she's in my way hey where'd
that come from
when she walked off your face so her
face yeah bring it off nope okay we have
some big exciting things coming for you
guys you don't even know you don't even
know you're kind of into magic just you
can't even fathom the things that are
coming right for you we're doing it for
you so don't forget to subscribe have a
happy and safe Super Bowl holiday
football and as always keep it classy
get it class tonight you'll give me the
eyes better the eyes
Stephanie wait Stephanie either pimp
yeah Stephanie
yeah you look peanut butter to my jelly
Oh Stephanie yeah you're the map to my
cheese baby you wouldn't say Stephanie
yeah
you're the hot wings to my Super Bowl
you were cute you wouldn't give it it
get good boy get it chomp it ok but you
drop it down my shirt
Oh baby's gonna care his mouth hey we
doing Jeff you smoking smoking a stick
does what it